hi this is Pam dinner thank you so much
for tuning in b2b marketing and more
with me this is a place I want to help
you to become a better b2b marketer and
at the same time I share my templates
know-how and experience to help you to
think strategically and do your job
better hopefully by doing that you can
get promoted faster for today I want to
continue the conversation of the
messaging framework series this is part
3 part 1 I talked about the definition a
messaging framework and the steps that
you can take to build one part two I
share product specific templates that
you can use to develop the messaging
framework today I want to talk about
thought leadership obviously brands love
to be perceived as thought leaders who
doesn't and a lot of them actually have
a thought leadership story from my
perspective before you can develop your
story you should have a thought
leadership messaging framework to guy
everybody this framework is different
than the part to product specific
templates now you can see on the screen
this is what the template looks like I
want to go through each category with
you so I'm gonna say that out loud so
you get a sense of it we're gonna start
with objective target audience overall
narrative company specific narrative the
value proposition of the company's
product portfolio the benefits of a
company's product portfolio messaging
positioning and also the impact of the
messaging positioning messaging
narratives then the last two categories
are proposed content title for your
thought leadership stories and of course
list of the keywords for content
creation so that's talked about each
category a little bit more objective
obviously it's important to write a
specific statement to identify why do
you need a thought leadership story a
good example is XYZ company addresses is
role in a differentiator in the future
of cybersecurity
identify a specific product category
that you want to stand up right so list
that as objective the next one is a
target audience again try to identify
one just one segment of the audience
that you want to showcase and display
your thought leadership story the next
one is overall narrative and this is why
you know you need to answer the question
of why why is a specific mega trend or a
product category important why is my
factory 4.0 important why is digital
transformation important right try to
explain that educate your audience and
the most important thing is for the
narratives you really need to write
paragraphs not bullet points right
because you are telling the stories and
it is very important to actually talk
about it in kind of like a paragraph
type of format not bullet points and
preferably two or three paragraphs once
you describe and educate your audience
that specific megatrends or product
categories are important then you can
proceed to talk about why your company
is important essential in that specific
trend or product category now I narrow
it down to a company specific narrative
right so overall narratives company's
specific narrative the next thing is
really about value proposition what is
the one statement that you want to
describe that's unique for your company
against the competitors so what is that
overarching value proposition after that
you need to talk about the benefits of
the product portfolio that you offer you
know for all the products that you offer
as a company what kind of benefit do you
provide to your customers so does your
product portfolio reduce the risk or
increase the growth or actually enhance
the performance of certain technology
and the product solution that you can
offer to your customers so these are the
couple categories I'm sharing with you
in terms of the
benefits of the value proposition and
after that you identify the messaging
positioning so if you are talking about
your company is vital to drive and lead
the direction of the smart factory 4.0
well maybe one of the messaging pillar
is automation or artificial intelligence
so within that specific topic what can
you do as a company to lead that changes
and a drive the innovation the messaging
pillars that I talked about tend to be a
little bit higher or being elevated to
support the megatrends and also the
product specific category for example
when I was working with one of my
clients we are talking about say small
factory and and the couple the messaging
that we can use to substantiate that
claim are artificial intelligence and
the connectivities and automations
things to the extent right so it's a
much higher level than the product
specific type of messaging pillar so
once you identify the messaging
positioning the next one is the impact
of you are messaging positioning for
example if you actually said okay
artificial intelligence is one of the
key pillars then the impact of that is
you can actually use machine learning to
predict quality defects right so that's
actually the benefit of your messaging
pillar your messaging positioning then
the next thing is messaging narratives
can you actually write two or three
paragraphs again to substantiate
elaborate in terms of how artificial
intelligence and also the machine
learning can help you to predict the
quality effects so you need to describe
it you need to show it once you actually
have that information it's much easier
for the content creators to take that to
further discuss and also illustrate your
thought leadership story so now you
actually have all the information you
might as well just suggest like five to
ten content titles that you can write
for your thought leader
story for example five trends in the
digital transformation or the insiders
look certain trends for example write
the content title and then have a
discussion with your internal
stakeholders it's actually a great
conversation whatever I have accountant
titles and I talk to them there's always
a very heated discussion in terms of
what kind of content they should write
to demonstrate your thought leadership
story and of course the last category is
a list of the keywords if you actually
have a keywords from your perspective
that you should emphasize when you tell
the thought leadership story you should
definitely use that and at that as a
part of the messaging framework so this
is the part three of the messaging
framework series I hope that you find it
useful again if you need any help on the
messaging framework side of things
reach out to me anytime I actually do
share my templates and I also share
written samples if you are interested
send me a quick email
pam-pam dinner comm I am more than happy
more than happy to share the information
with you thank you so much for tuning in
for today's episode really appreciate it
I know it's a little long and a little
bit kind of like overwhelming I hope
that you get something out of it if you
like the content subscribe below and
share with a friend who might benefit
next episode still is about messaging
framework but the last one I promise the
question I want to answer what if you
have many products do you have to create
messaging framework for every single one
of them right so I will share the answer
with you see you soon bye